feat(log_to_metric transform): support tags expansion similar to `labels expansion` for loki sink (#21939)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/21939_log_to_metric_tags_expansion.feature.md

> The `log_to_metric` transformer now support tags expansion similar to Loki sink's labels expansion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `log_to_metric` transformer tag key are now template-able which enables tags expansion.
```
